so guys it's me again with my Mustang GT
5.0 premium with the 6-speed manual
transmission and just wanna give you a
little hops to change the shifter knob
and they new on this as you can see I
got a new shifter knob for it it's black
and red and it's from CJ pony parks with
the correct shifter pattern on it it's
really really nice it took about seven
weeks to get because they make them to
order also I got a shift boot retainer
um as you can see right here just how
you do this is I have it in gear right
now just so I don't have the parking
brake in the way but you're gonna turn
counterclockwise it's real this one's
real tight on there the stock one is so
it takes a minute just to get it going
get it off once you get close to getting
it done it gets really really easy it
just comes off there's um quite a bit of
threading in them but let me just go and
get this off real quick alright and
there you go you get it off and you just
have a basic thread it out and whatnot
and it has its own little retainer built
into it so I'm so placed on the
passenger seat with this the boot
retainer is also threaded as you can see
inside it's real simple it cost
something like about fifteen to twenty
dollars you know what's place online you
go to get it and you screw it all the
way down I will tell you that it's a lot
easier I'm gonna put the gear shift
straight up so y'all can see a little
better it's easier if you go ahead and
screw it all the way down all the way
into place so it's nice and flush but
you can adjust the height of your how
high you want your gear your knob
because the threads don't go all the way
into it as you can see it's just about
maybe an inch deep inside of it so it's
not bad I'll show you all a difference
between the stock and the weather this
one's gonna look like in a minute and
height wise but I like them I'm pretty
much flush at the bottom so do it here
you don't want to tighten that all the
way down because you will not be able to
get
the pattern to come out in the right
direction so it's what I'm gonna do as
long as some go ahead and start it start
the threading and just if this slides on
real easy I tightened it all the way
down to where this is it's basically a
locking up for it as you can tell it's
backwards so what you got to do
it's tighten the luck the retainer a
little bit farther down and turn it
that's it just takes a little bit of
playing with turn our bottom one and you
can get it to go but I'm gonna loosen it
tad bit and there you go it's nice easy
put it on whatnot show you a difference
in size that's the size difference right
there from where it would be it's a lot
thicker a lot better feel - y'all have a
great day and Merry Christmas I'll talk
to you later